Document internal specialization attributes (#29)
rust-lang/std-dev-guide: src/code-considerations/using-unstable-lang/specialization.md

Only specialization using the `min_specialization` feature should be used. The full `specialization` feature is known to be unsound.

## Specialization attributes

There are two unstable attributes that can be used to allow a trait bound in a specializing implementation that does not appear in the default implementation.

> `rustc_specialization_trait` restricts the implementations of a trait to be "always applicable". Implementing traits annotated with `rustc_specialization_trait` is unstable, so this should not be used on any stable traits exported from the standard library. `Sized` is an exception, and can have this attribute because it already cannot be implemented by an `impl` block.

Reviewer: I would add a note that `rustc_specialization_trait` only prevents incorrect monomorphizations, it does not prevent a type from being coerced between an specialized and unspecialized type which can be important when specialization must be applied consistently. This edge-case lead to https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/85863

> 

Reviewer 2: From @the8472's comment:

```suggestion
**Note**: `rustc_specialization_trait` only prevents incorrect monomorphizations, it does not prevent a type from being coerced between specialized and unspecialized types which can be important when specialization must be applied consistently. See [rust-lang/rust#85863](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/85863) for more details.

```

> `rustc_unsafe_specialization_marker` allows specializing on a trait with no associated items. The attribute is `unsafe` because lifetime constraints from the implementations of the trait are not considered when specializing. In the following example, the specialized implementation is used for *all* shared reference types, not just those with `'static` lifetime.

Reviewer 2: Am I understanding correctly that the point of this example is to show incorrect usage of `rustc_unsafe_specialization_marker`? If so we should probably note that more clearly.
```suggestion
`rustc_unsafe_specialization_marker` allows specializing on a trait with no associated items. The attribute is `unsafe` because lifetime constraints from the implementations of the trait are not considered when specializing. The following example demonstrates incorrect usage of `rustc_unsafe_specialization_marker`, the specialized implementation is used for *all* shared reference types, not just those with `'static` lifetime.
```

Author: I've tried to make it clearer that this example is showing a limitation of the specialization when using the attribute.
